

     



 

Exhibit 99.1

 



 

Cuprina Holdings
(Cayman) Limited Announces Pricing of $12 million Initial Public Offering

 

SINGAPORE, April 10, 2025 – Cuprina Holdings
(Cayman) Limited (“CUPR” or “the Company”), a biomedical and biotechnology company dedicated to
the development and commercialization of products for the management of chronic wounds as well as cosmeceuticals for the health and beauty
sector, today announced the pricing of its firm commitment initial public offering of an aggregate 3,000,000 shares of its Class A Ordinary
Shares (“the Offering”), all of which are being offered by CUPR at a public offering price of $4.00 per share (“the
Offering Price”).

 

The Company has granted the underwriter a 45-day option
to purchase up to an additional 450,000 shares of its Class A Ordinary Shares at the Offering Price, representing 15% of the Class A Ordinary
Shares sold in the Offering (“the Over-allotment”).

 

Assuming that the Over-allotment is exercised, the
Company is expected to receive gross proceeds amounting to $13.80 million, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and
estimated offering expenses.

 

The shares are expected to begin trading on the NASDAQ
Stock Market LLC under the ticker symbol “CUPR” on April 10, 2025. The Offering is expected to close on April 11, 2025, subject
to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

 

R. F. Lafferty & Co., Inc. (“R. F. Lafferty”),
acted as the sole book-running manager for the Offering. Loeb & Loeb LLP, Lee & Lee, Harney Westwood & Riegels Singapore LLP
are acting as U.S., Singapore and Cayman Islands legal counsels to the Company, respectively, and Winston & Strawn LLP is acting as
U.S. legal counsel to R. F. Lafferty for the Offering.

 

The Offering is being conducted pursuant to the Company’s
Registration Statement on Form F-1 (File No: 333-283643) previously filed with and subsequently declared effective by the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on March 31, 2025. The Offering is being made only by means of a prospectus. Before
you invest, you should read the prospectus and other documents the Company has filed or will file with the SEC for more information about
the Company and the Offering. Copies of the final prospectus related to the Offering may be obtained, when available, from R. F. Lafferty
& Co., Inc., 40 Wall Street, 27th Floor, New York, NY 10005; (212) 293-9090, or by email at offerings@rflafferty.com. In addition,
a copy of the final prospectus, when available, relating to the Offering may be obtained via the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.

 