

     



 

Exhibit
99.1

 



 

Cuprina
Provides Update on Research Studies
with Three Leading Education Institutes

 

SINGAPORE,
June 30, 2025 -- Cuprina Holdings (Cayman) Limited (Nasdaq: CUPR) (“Cuprina” or “the Company”),
a biomedical and biotechnology company dedicated to the development and commercialization of products for the management of chronic wounds
and infertility, as well as cosmeceuticals for the health and beauty sector, today provided an update on progress achieved in relation
to three studies carried out with institutes of higher learning. The studies, each one year in length, were aimed at helping Cuprina
and these institutes jointly produce collagen peptide molecules derived from American bullfrog skin. These peptides, as well as their
short chain variants, are widely considered to be useful in the manufacture of an array of medical, pharmaceutical, nutraceutical and
cosmetic products.

 

The
first study was performed pursuant to a consultancy proposal (“CP”) signed in February 2024 with Republic Polytechnic (“RP”),
an institute of higher learning under the purview of the Ministry of Education in Singapore. Under this agreement, Cuprina and RP collaborated
to generate bullfrog collagen peptides that can be sold as is or separated and sold as individual peptide fragments.

 

Since
the completion of this consultancy proposal in February 2025, Cuprina has identified a method to generate a series of these peptides
that can potentially be used for cosmeceutical applications including skin moisturization, collagen remodeling, and other commercial
applications. Cuprina is currently in the process of pursuing marketing opportunities for these peptides with a number of cosmeceutical
entities.

 

Cuprina’s
second study, a research collaboration agreement (“RCA”) which commenced in October 2024, was signed with the Institute for
Health Innovation and Technology at the National University of Singapore, Singapore’s flagship university that offers a global
approach to education, research and entrepreneurship. Joint research from this agreement is aimed at exploring the viability of using
bullfrog collagen peptides in the production of 3D printable wound care dressings for a variety of research and clinical applications.
Funding for this research is supported by the National Additive Manufacturing Innovation Cluster Singapore, a national platform hosted
by the Agency for Science, Technology and Research.

 

Currently,
Cuprina is performing testing aimed at measuring the effect of integrating bullfrog collagen into the structure of microneedling patches,
which contain tiny needles that allow active ingredients to penetrate deeper into the skin and enhance wound healing. If these tests
prove successful, these new patches could help to control the inflammation that typically impedes wound healing.

 




