

     



 

Exhibit
99.1

 





 

Cuprina
Appoints Dr. Ronald Sherman, Leader in Maggot Debridement

Therapy, as Medical and Scientific Director; Secures 

FDA-approved
Medical Maggot License for U.S. Market

 

SINGAPORE,
July 21, 2025 – Cuprina Holdings (Cayman) Limited (Nasdaq: CUPR) (“CUPR” or “the Company”),
a biomedical and biotechnology company dedicated to the development and commercialization of products for the management of chronic wounds
and infertility, as well as cosmeceuticals for the health and beauty sector, today announced that Dr. Ronald A. Sherman, a leading innovator
in the use of medical maggots to treat chronic wounds, has agreed to join the Company as Medical and Scientific Director in September
2025. 

 

Cuprina
also announced it has signed an agreement with Dr. Sherman licensing his 2004 FDA clearance to market Lucilia sericata Medical
MaggotsTM, the first such marketing clearance in US history. This agreement gives Cuprina the right to manufacture, sell,
use and distribute these maggots and associated dressings for use in maggot debridement therapy (MDT) in the United States.

 

Upon
joining Cuprina, Dr. Sherman’s roles and responsibilities are expected to include the following:

 

Clinical
Leadership on Bio-Therapeutics:

 


●Serve
                                            as clinical and key opinion leader on maggot therapy, leech therapy, ichthyotherapy, and
                                            other company bio-therapeutic initiatives; and

●Provide
                                            mentorship, insights, and scientific guidance to Cuprina and affiliated clinicians in adopting
                                            and expanding bio-therapeutic practices.

 

Training,
Education and Awareness:

 


●Co-develop,
                                            with Cuprina, a structured training and certification framework for bio-therapeutics;

 ●Assist in designing the syllabus and modules for education and certification; and

●Represent
                                            Cuprina as a speaker at conferences, seminars, and public events to raise awareness and advance
                                            the adoption of bio-therapeutics.

 