

     



 

Exhibit 10.1

 

EXECUTION VERSION

 

CUPRINA HOLDINGS (CAYMAN) LIMITED

 

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

 

April 9, 2025

 

R. F. Lafferty & Co., Inc.

40 Wall Street, 27th Floor

New York, NY 10005

 

As Representative of the Underwriters

named on Schedule A hereto

 

Ladies and Gentlemen:

 

The undersigned, Cuprina Holdings
(Cayman) Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company, (the “Company”), hereby confirms its agreement (this “Agreement”)
with the several underwriters named in Schedule A hereto (such underwriters including Representative (as defined below), collectively,
hereafter referred to as the “Underwriters”, and each of them as an “Underwriter”), for which R.
F. Lafferty & Co., Inc. acting as the representative of the several Underwriters (in such capacity, the “Representative”),
to issue and sell an aggregate of 3,000,000 Class A ordinary shares (the “Firm Shares”) of the Company of par value of $0.001
per share (the “Class A Ordinary Shares”).

 

The Company has also granted to
the Underwriters an option to purchase up to 450,000 additional Class A Ordinary Shares, exercisable by the Representative, on the terms
and conditions for the purposes set forth in Section 2(c) hereof (the “Additional Shares”). The Firm Shares
and any Additional Shares purchased pursuant to this Agreement are herein collectively referred to as the “Offered Securities.”
The offering and sale of the Offered Securities contemplated by this Agreement is referred to herein as the “Offering.”

 

The Company confirms its agreement
with the Underwriters as follows:

 

Section 1. Representations
and Warranties of the Company.

 

The Company represents and warrants
to each of the Underwriters as follows with the understanding that the same may be relied upon by the Underwriters in the Offering, as
of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date (as defined below) and each Option Closing Date (as defined below), if any:

 

(a) Filing of the Registration
Statement. The Company has prepared and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”) a
registration statement on Form F-1 (File No. 333-283643), and amendments thereto, which contains a form of prospectus to be used in connection
with the Offering. Such registration statement, as amended, including the financial statements, exhibits and schedules thereto contained
in the registration statement at the time such registration statement became effective, in the form in which it was declared effective
by the Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder (the “Securities Act Regulations”), and including any required information deemed to be a part
thereof at the time of effectiveness pursuant to Rule 430A under the Securities Act, or pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the “Exchange Act”) and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (the “Exchange Act Regulations”),
is called the “Registration Statement.” Any registration statement filed by the Company pursuant to Rule 462(b) under
the Securities Act is called the “Rule 462(b) Registration Statement,” and from and after the date and time of filing
of the Rule 462(b) Registration Statement, the term “Registration Statement” shall include the Rule 462(b) Registration
Statement. Such prospectus, in the form first filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act after the date and time that this
Agreement is executed and delivered by the parties hereto, or, if no filing pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act is required,
the form of final prospectus relating to the Offering included in the Registration Statement at the effective date of the Registration
Statement (“Effective Date”), is called the “Prospectus.” All references in this Agreement to the
Registration Statement, the Rule 462(b) Registration Statement, the preliminary prospectus included in the Registration Statement (each,
a “preliminary prospectus”), the Prospectus, or any amendments or supplements to any of the foregoing, shall include
any copy thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to its Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval System (“EDGAR”).
The preliminary prospectus that was included in the Registration Statement immediately prior to the Applicable Time (as defined below)
is hereinafter called the “Pricing Prospectus.” Any reference to the “most recent preliminary prospectus”
shall be deemed to refer to the latest preliminary prospectus included in the registration statement. Any reference herein to any preliminary
prospectus or the Prospectus or any supplement or amendment to either thereof shall be deemed to refer to and include any documents incorporated
by reference therein as of the date of such reference.

 