

     



 

Exhibit
11.2

 

Insider
Trading Policy 

 

of


 

Cuprina
Holdings (Cayman) Limited

 


1.Purpose

 

This
Insider Trading Policy (the “Policy”) provides guidelines with respect to transactions in the securities of
Cuprina Holdings (Cayman) Limited (the “Company”) and the handling of confidential information about the Company
and the companies with which the Company does business. The Company’s Board of Directors has adopted this Policy to promote compliance
with United States federal, state, and foreign securities laws that prohibit certain persons who are aware of material non-public information
about a company from: (i) trading in securities of that company; or (ii) providing material non-public information to other persons who
may trade on the basis of that information.

 


2.Persons
                                            Subject to the Policy

 

This
Policy applies to all officers of the Company and its subsidiaries, all members of the Company’s board of directors and all employees
of the Company and its subsidiaries. The Company may also determine that other persons should be subject to this Policy, such as contractors
or consultants who have access to material non-public information. This Policy also applies to family members, other members of a person’s
household and entities controlled by a person covered by this Policy, as described below.

 


3.Transactions
                                            Subject to the Policy

 

This
Policy applies to transactions in the Company’s securities (collectively referred to in this Policy as “Company Securities”),
including the Company’s common stock, options to purchase common stock, or any other type of securities that the Company may issue,
including (but not limited to) preferred stock, convertible debentures, and warrants, as well as derivative securities that are not issued
by the Company, such as exchange-traded put or call options or swaps relating to the Company’s Securities.

 


4.Individual
                                            Responsibility

 

Persons
subject to this Policy have ethical and legal obligations to maintain the confidentiality of information about the Company and to not
engage in transactions in Company Securities while in possession of material non-public information. Each individual is responsible for
making sure that he or she complies with this Policy, and that any family member, household member or entity whose transactions are subject
to this Policy, as discussed below, also comply with this Policy. In all cases, the responsibility for determining whether an individual
is in possession of material non-public information rests with that individual, and any action on the part of the Company, the Compliance
Officer or any other employee or director pursuant to this Policy (or otherwise) does not in any way constitute legal advice or insulate
an individual from liability under applicable securities laws. You could be subject to severe legal penalties and disciplinary action
by the Company for any conduct prohibited by this Policy or applicable securities laws, as described below in more detail under the heading
“Consequences of Violations.”

 

