

     



 

Exhibit 99.2

 



 

Cuprina Holdings (Cayman) Limited Announces Closing
of Initial Public Offering

 

SINGAPORE, April 11, 2025
– Cuprina Holdings (Cayman) Limited (Nasdaq: CUPR) (“CUPR” or “the Company”), a biomedical
and biotechnology company dedicated to the development and commercialization of products for the management of chronic wounds as well
as cosmeceuticals for the health and beauty sector, today announced the closing of its previously
announced initial public offering of an aggregate 3,000,000 Class A Ordinary Shares (“the Offering”) at a price
of $4.00 per share (“the Offering Price”) to the public, for a total of $12.0
million of gross proceeds to the Company, before deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses. 

 

The Company intends to use
net proceeds from the Offering for expansion into new markets, R&D activities to expand its product portfolio, research and development
activities, building brand awareness, investment in equipment and infrastructure, and working capital and general corporate purposes.

 

The shares began trading on the NASDAQ Stock Market
LLC on April 10, 2025, under the symbol “CUPR”.

 

R. F. Lafferty & Co., Inc. (“R. F. Lafferty”),
acted as the sole book-running manager for the Offering. Loeb & Loeb LLP, Lee & Lee, Harney Westwood & Riegels Singapore LLP
are acting as U.S., Singapore and Cayman Islands legal counsels to the Company, respectively, and Winston & Strawn LLP is acting as
U.S. legal counsel to R. F. Lafferty for the Offering.

 

“We are gratified to
close this Offering,” said Cuprina chief executive David Quek. “Our chronic wound care products, we believe, are poised to
gain escalating market acceptance due primarily to the steadily aging global population and concurrent rise in diabetes, obesity, cardiovascular
ailments and peripheral vascular diseases, all of which are associated with chronic wounds.

 

“Our mission is to
treat these wounds with sustainable, nature-derived raw materials containing bioactives widely demonstrated in clinical studies to achieve
superior clinical outcomes and reduce costs of care compared to most traditional treatment modalities.”

 