

     



 

Exhibit
99.1

 



 

Cuprina
Holdings Announces Completion, Receipt of Certification and License,

for
IVF Media Production Facility Built in Collaboration with Ferti-Craft Pte Ltd.

 

SINGAPORE,
May 5, 2025 – Cuprina Holdings (Cayman) Limited (Nasdaq: CUPR) (“Cuprina” or “the Company”),
a biomedical and biotechnology company dedicated to the development and commercialization of products for the management of chronic wounds
and infertility, as well as cosmeceuticals for the health and beauty sector, today announced it had, on April 6, 2025, completed construction
of , and obtained ISO 13485 certification  and a dealer license  for, an operational in-vitro fertilization (“IVF”)
media production facility in Singapore.

 

The
ISO 13485 certification, which validates that Cuprina’s quality management system at the facility meets internationally agreed
standards for medical device manufacturing, was issued by United Kingdom Accreditation Service (“UKAS”), a part of the International
Accreditation Forum (“IAF”). The dealer license, which confers legal authorization
to businesses operating in specific activities including manufacturing, importing, or wholesaling medical devices, was issued
by the Singapore Health Sciences Authority (HSA).

 

Built
as part of an Agreement with Ferti-Craft Pte Ltd.(“Ferti-Craft”), a Singapore-based medtech company, the facility
is intended to produce 14 SKUs of the IVF media product containing the nutrients, electrolytes, amino acids, and other materials required
to stimulate fertilization of sperm and ovum in-vitro (in the lab).

 

Cuprina
will collaborate with Ferti-Craft to prepare and submit the required regulatory dossiers for registration with Singapore Health Sciences
Authority (“HSA”). The goal is to obtain approval for 14 IVF media product SKUs. The project aims to secure HSA approval
for commercial sale before the fourth quarter of 2026.

 

Ferti-Craft
will be responsible for obtaining all necessary documentation and testing certificates required by HSA, arranging the selection and logistics
of all raw materials required for the production of these SKUs, and contributing the intellectual property, subject matter expertise
on human assisted reproductive technology (“ART”), and production know-how on the preparation of these SKUs.

 

Subject
to obtaining the necessary regulatory approvals, the facility is expected to commence producing commercialized product by the fourth
quarter of 2026. Ferti-Craft expects initial sales to be primarily in Singapore, with an expanded presence to follow in select ASEAN
countries, the Middle East and other global markets.

 