

     



 

Exhibit 99.1

 



 

Cuprina
Holdings Announces Closing of Underwriter’s
Over-Allotment Option in Connection with Initial Public Offering

 

SINGAPORE,
May 8, 2025 – Cuprina Holdings (Cayman) Limited (Nasdaq: CUPR) (“Cuprina” or “the Company”),
a biomedical and biotechnology company dedicated to the development and commercialization of products for the management of chronic wounds
and infertility, as well as cosmeceuticals for the health and beauty sector, today announced that
it closed the sale of an additional 450,000 Class A ordinary shares of the Company, pursuant to the full exercise of the underwriter’s
over-allotment option granted in connection with the Company’s initial public offering (“IPO”, together with
such over-allotment closing, the “Offering”), at the IPO price of $4.00 per share, less underwriting discounts. As
a result, the Company has raised aggregate gross proceeds of $13,800,000, including the previously announced IPO gross proceeds of $12,000,000,
prior to deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by the Company.

 

R.
F. Lafferty & Co., Inc. (“R. F. Lafferty ” ), acted as the sole book-running manager for the Offering. Loeb &
Loeb LLP, Lee & Lee, Harney Westwood & Riegels Singapore LLP are acting as U.S., Singapore and Cayman Islands legal counsels
to the Company, respectively, and Winston & Strawn LLP is acting as U.S. legal counsel to R. F. Lafferty for the Offering.

 

The
Offering is being conducted pursuant to the Company’s registration statement on Form F-1 (File No. 333-283643), as amended, previously
filed with and subsequently declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on March 31,
2025. The Offering is being made only by means of a prospectus, forming part of the registration statement. Copies of the final prospectus
related to the Offering may be obtained, when available, from R. F. Lafferty & Co., Inc., 40 Wall Street, 27th Floor, New York, NY
10005; (212) 293-9090, or by email at offerings@rflafferty.com. In addition, a copy of the final prospectus, when available, relating
to the Offering may be obtained via the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov .

 

Before
you invest, you should read the prospectus and other documents the Company has filed or will file with the SEC for more information about
the Company and the Offering. This press release has been prepared for informational purposes only and shall not constitute an offer
to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall such securities be offered or sold in the United States absent
registration or an applicable exemption from registration, nor shall there be any offer, solicitation or sale of these securities in
any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the
securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

 

